README.md, before:

# _Epicodus Track Suggester_

#### _An interactive survey to determine what programming language track a student should pursue at Epicodus, August 10 2016._

#### By _**Kevin Johnston**_

## Description

_This application is an interactive survey used to help Epicodus students determine which programming track will be the best option for them to pursue.  This is accomplished by assigning survey questions a numerical value, and then running Javascript and jQuery functions to assign a given track based on the numerical value the user generates by answering the questions.  The final output that the user sees is then unique to the inputed responses._

## Setup/Instillation Requirements

* _Open web browser, preferably Google Chrome._
* _Select link for webpage on GitHub Pages (https://kjohnston1149.github.io/trackSuggester). This should open the home page._
* _To edit or contribute to the code, clone the repository in terminal using git (https://github.com/kjohnston/trackSuggester)._

_This project contains the compressed files for bootstrap and jQuery.  Be sure to verify that these files are working properly._

## Known Bugs

_At this time, there are no known bugs._

##Technologies Used

_This page was created using Javascript and jQuery, as well as Bootstrap and custom css stylesheet formatting._

## License

_MIT License._

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Kevin Johnston_**

Commit message:

Edit 'Known Bugs' section of README.md

README.md, after:

# _Epicodus Track Suggester_

#### _An interactive survey to determine what programming language track a student should pursue at Epicodus, August 10 2016._

#### By _**Kevin Johnston**_

## Description

_This application is an interactive survey used to help Epicodus students determine which programming track will be the best option for them to pursue.  This is accomplished by assigning survey questions a numerical value, and then running Javascript and jQuery functions to assign a given track based on the numerical value the user generates by answering the questions.  The final output that the user sees is then unique to the inputed responses._

## Setup/Instillation Requirements

* _Open web browser, preferably Google Chrome._
* _Select link for webpage on GitHub Pages (https://kjohnston1149.github.io/trackSuggester). This should open the home page._
* _To edit or contribute to the code, clone the repository in terminal using git (https://github.com/kjohnston/trackSuggester)._

_This project contains the compressed files for bootstrap and jQuery.  Be sure to verify that these files are working properly._

## Known Bugs

_When no value is inputed into the 'Enter your name' form, the error message displays like it should, but the screen darkens like it is displaying a modal, although no modal is displayed.  Clicking the screen returns the display to it's normal settings.  This does not appear to affect the functionality of the program._

##Technologies Used

_This page was created using Javascript and jQuery, as well as Bootstrap and custom css stylesheet formatting._

## License

_MIT License._

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Kevin Johnston_**
